# SOMETIN1
Deployment  To deploy the bot, clone this repo, navigate to it, run npm install to install all dependencies, and run node bot.js.  Bot Current Features      Dice Rolling     Twitter posting, searching, viewing trends     Help and Rules     To-Do List/Tracking     Last Seen     Banana eating, lenny, and coding advice  Planned Features      Polls/Voting     News Summary     Query search engines     Marin Makers Website  Contributing to the Bot  To add commands to the bot:      Create your command in a .js file in the directory /nifty as a module.     In bot.js, require the .js file with an appropriate variable name.     Add to the commands object as shown in the example object.  Each Command will have 3 properties: process, usage and description. Process  Each command includes a process property, which contains the function executed by the command. This should take two parameters - the message object, and argument, which is any text trailing the command. Some Terminology  For commands, it can be useful to have multiple functions in your module stored under the same process (such as how !twitter tweet, !twitter search, and !twitter trending are all handled by one command object).  In general, commands can be designed like this:!command method parameters  Methods are the sub-commands that call different functions in your module, and should be one word long. They can be pulled from the argument parameter fed to the process property with getMethod(argument).  Parameters are any additional text that you want to feed to your methods. They can be of any length, and can be pulled from the argument parameter fed to the process property with getParameter(argument). Usage  Next is the usage property. This should be a string listing all possible arguments in your command.  If your command does not require any additional arguments, do not create a usage property. Description  And finally, a description property which is just a plaintext explaination of what the command does.  Be sure to describe what every possible instance of usage does in order of appearance, and keep it brief.
